	What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	It groups all of the files and directories in the current directory and starts a version control system. 
	No commits are made.
	This is necessary if you want to use git to track your changes.

	How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area allows you to choose changes that will be commited in the repository.
	This is helpful because you may not want everything to be added, only what is logical.
	For example, I can only add the files in my app that are related to a change I am trying to make. 
	These changes are added to the staging area.
	The staging area is the middleman to the working directory and repository.

	How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	By using git diff --staged, you can see what is going to be added to your repository before committing. 
	By using diff, you can see what changes you have made that you might want to save for a later commit. 
	Both of these situations require the staging area as an intermediate.

	What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	Branches are used to make new themes or versions of your code.
	If you want to try something new, and it may go places, use branches. 
	It keeps your library organized by the label on the branch.
	You can always merge braches later.

	How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	You can see which commits are unreachable.
	You can understand how each of the branches are related to one another.
	When collaborating, you can see where changes might need to be merged.

	What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	All commits on each branch are now reachable by whatever branch was checked out at the time of merge.
	All changes (compared to when the branches were first the same commit), are combined in a new commit titled Merge x into y.
	We represent it in the diagram as being able to reach all previous commits in both branches.

	What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	Automatically doing it is much faster and requires less work.
	Having a safety net of manual merges is very helpful as it resolves conflicts and allows the user to fix possible bugs that might emerge from a merge.
	A con of automatic merging would be not finding these bugs.